The war is over.
The terms of peace
forced Finland to cede
territory to the Soviet Union.
Four hundred
and twenty thousand Finns
had to leave their homes
and move to the Finnish side
of the new border.
The majority
of the forcibly displaced
were from Karelia.
Most of them
would never see home again.
Yeagor Dragunov.
Several missions
behind the enemy lines.
Your team burned down
entire villages.
Killed hundreds of civilians.
including a two-year-old boy.
Otso.
a six-year-old boy. Otava.
and their mother. Tuulikki.
"We chopped them
into little pieces
with a shovel."
We were saving bullets.
That was
the family of Aatami Korpi.
a Finnish commando.
who took revenge
by killing over 300 soldiers
of the Red Army
and became a legend.
Koschei...
the immortal.
This killing machine entered
Soviet Union ten hours ago.
I'm sending you
to clean up your mess.
Destroy the legend
you created.
and you will go back home
a rich man.
Passport. Mr. Dragunov.
Hmm.
I think the legend
has been homesick.
That is all that is left
from his life before.
Go on.
Go on!
Keep your eyes open.
This one is
a crafty old motherfucker.
No.
Keep very still.
I fucking told you
to keep still.
Hmm.
Unleash hell.
Talk to me!
We found the truck!
Did you find the body?
What about the cargo?
You stubborn motherfucker.
Still heading home to Finland.
aren't you?
Took you fucking long enough.
Hold your position.
We want him alive.
There's no place like home.
Get out.
I have killed
so many women and children
that I cannot remember
any particular person.
I remember shouting. crying.
I remember the begging.
But I cannot recall any faces.
Except for one.
It's stuck in my mind.
like it was important.
A small boy.
Tried so hard
to be the man of the family.
I remember him
because he produced a knife
out of thin air.
Almost took my eye.
Otava.
Tough little fucker.
Make any father proud.
He tried hard to protect
his little brother.
and his mother.
We chopped them all
into small pieces
with an iron shovel.
It was a feast for the...
the homeless. the stray dogs.
They're saying
I lit a fire in you. All right.
I will put it out.
You are a mistake.
an aberration.
You are a...
a byproduct of my work.
A fucking weed in my field.
And where you are going...
they will beat
the legend out of you
till there is nothing left
of you.
Not even a memory.
And your home...
...the logs of your house
will be railroad ties.
buried in the frozen ground.
Like the rest of your family.
And you...
you will learn
in the years to come...
Siberia is a very bad place
to be immortal.
That's not good.
Step aside.
Everything okay?
No.
Yeagor!
If you give me
what I got coming to me...
I would like to be on my way.
You'll get
what's coming to you.
But first.
- let's celebrate.
- Oh!
To Yeagor.
Yeagor!
This is for you.
And this is for you.
Was that your revenge?
I expected
something legendary.
Look at me.
Any last words?
Spit it out!